Add Snyk policy guide. (#12005)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/using-pulumi/crossguard/snyk-policy.md

---
title_tag: "Snyk Container Scanning | CrossGuard"
meta_desc: Snyk container scanning helps you ensure that your Docker images are secure.
title: Synk Container Scanning
h1: Snyk Container Scanning
weight: 4
meta_image: /images/docs/meta-images/docs-meta.png
menu:
  usingpulumi:
    parent: crossguard
aliases:
- /docs/guides/crossguard/snyk-container-scanning/
---
<!-- markdownlint-disable ul code -->

## Overview

> [Snyk container scanning](https://github.com/pulumi/templates-policy/tree/master/snyk-typescript) is a Pulumi policy as code template that allows you to uses the [Snyk CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/scan-using-snyk/snyk-container/scan-container-images) to scan [`docker.Image`](/registry/packages/docker/api-docs/image/) resources for vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: The links here seem like they may be doing to the wrong place. I'd probably expect the first link to point to general information about what Snyk container scanning is and the CLI link to point me to the CLI (although we seem to link to that in the prereqs, so maybe no need to link to anything here).

Author: You're right. I don't love the code as the first link, but the problem is that the policy pack itself is called "Snyk Container Scanning", and I feel like I have to link on the first mention. Suggestions welcome.

For more information on Pulumi's Policy as Code solution, see [Get started with Pulumi policy as code](docs/using-pulumi/crossguard/get-started/).

## Using Snyk Container Scanning

In this guide, we'll show you how to create a Policy Pack that enables Snyk container scanning.

### Prerequisites

- [Install Pulumi](/docs/install/)
- [Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Install the Snyk CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli)

### Running the policy pack

This guide assumes the following directory structure:

```text
.
├── infra # Your Pulumi IaC program lives here.
└── policy # Your policy pack will live here. Directory is assumed to be initially empty.
```

Your Pulumi IaC program should have at least one `docker.Image` resource, similar to the following:

> {{< chooser language "typescript,python,go,csharp,java,yaml" / >}}

Reviewer: Have you verified all of these examples work? (Just asking because I haven't.)

Author: I did YAML -> `pulumi convert` and TypeScript works, so I think that's sufficient. (Let me know if you feel differently.)

Reviewer: In general I do test all code samples, so if it's feasible to do that, I'd recommend it.

    buildOnPreview: true,
    build: {
        dockerfile: "./app/Dockerfile",
        context: "./app",
    },
    skipPush: true,
});
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable language python %}}

```python
import pulumi
import pulumi_docker as docker

example_image = docker.Image("exampleImage",
    image_name="docker.io/your-user-name/your-image-name",
    build_on_preview=True,
    build=docker.DockerBuildArgs(
        dockerfile="./app/Dockerfile",
        context="./app",
    ),
    skip_push=True)
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable language go %}}

```go
package main

import (
 "github.com/pulumi/pulumi-docker/sdk/v4/go/docker"
 "github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v3/go/pulumi"
)

func main() {
 pulumi.Run(func(ctx *pulumi.Context) error {
  _, err := docker.NewImage(ctx, "exampleImage", &docker.ImageArgs{
   ImageName:      pulumi.String("docker.io/your-user-name/your-image-name"),
   BuildOnPreview: pulumi.Bool(true),
   Build: &docker.DockerBuildArgs{
    Dockerfile: pulumi.String("./app/Dockerfile"),
    Context:    pulumi.String("./app"),
   },
   SkipPush: pulumi.Bool(true),
  })
  if err != nil {
   return err
  }
  return nil
 })

> }

Reviewer: Spacing here looks like it got a bit borked somehow.

- `excludeBaseImageVulns` (boolean): If set to `true`, Snyk will exclude vulnerabilities in the base image for your Dockerfile as defined in the `FROM` directive, and limit its results to layers added on top of the base image. Default value is `false`.
- `failOn` (enum): If set to `upgradable`, the image will be in violation only for vulnerabilities that have a known upgrade path. If set to `all`, the image will be in violation for all vulnerabilities. Default value is `all`.
- `pulumiProgramAbsPath` (string): The absolute path on disk to the Pulumi program to which this policy is being applied.Required (and only useful) if `dockerfileScanning` is set to `true`. Default value is an empty string.
- `severityThreshold` (enum): The minimum level of vulnerabilities to be reported, and if any are found, to find the image in violation of the policy. Valid values are `"low"`, `"medium"`, `"high"`, `"critical"`. Default value is `critical`.

### Setting configuration values

To set the configuration, you can do one of the following:

> 1. Hard-code the values in `index.ts` within the templated policy. (These values will serve as deafults and may still be overridden on a per-run basis by either of the methods that follow.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Hard-code the values in `index.ts` within the templated policy. (These values will serve as defaults and may still be overridden on a per-run basis by either of the methods that follow.)
```

1. Create a JSON file with the configuration values, e.g.:

    ```json
    {
        "snyk-container-scan": {
            "enforcementLevel": "disabled",
            "dockerfileScanning": true,
            "pulumiProgramAbsPath": "/path/to/pulumi/iac/program"

>         },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        }
```

    }
    ```

    And then pass that value to the Pulumi CLI when running the policy, e.g.:

    ```bash
    pulumi preview --policy-pack /path/to/policy --policy-pack-config /path/to/policy-config.json
    ```

    (Relative paths in the above command will also work.)

> 1. If using Pulumi Cloud's server-side enforcement, policy pack configuration can be set centrally managed in the Pulumi Cloud UI. For details, see [Configuring policy packs](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/using-pulumi/crossguard/configuration/#using-the-pulumi-cloud).

Reviewer: Language here is a bit off because the first two bullets are verbs ("Hard-code", "Create"). Suggest a slight tweak:

```suggestion
1. If using Pulumi Cloud, set the configuration values in the Pulumi Cloud console. For details, see [Configuring policy packs](/docs/using-pulumi/crossguard/configuration/#using-the-pulumi-cloud).
```

Author: Gonna pass on this suggestion b/c you may be using Pulumi Cloud as a backend, but you must be specifically paying for Pulumi Cloud to use server-side enforcement.

## Next Steps

> Once you've tested the Policy Pack, an organization administrator can publish the Policy Pack to the Pulumi Cloud to be enforced across your organization. To learn more see [Enforcing a Policy Pack Across an Organization](/docs/using-pulumi/crossguard/get-started#enforcing-a-policy-pack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've tested the Policy Pack, an organization administrator can publish the Policy Pack to Pulumi Cloud to be enforced across your organization. To learn more,see [Enforcing a Policy Pack Across an Organization](/docs/using-pulumi/crossguard/get-started#enforcing-a-policy-pack).
```
